Update README.md (#9)
davenverse/curly4s: README.md

# curly4s - Oh! A WISE guy, eh? [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.chrisdavenport/curly4s_2.13/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.chrisdavenport/curly4s_2.13) ![Code of Conduct](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20of%20Conduct-Scala-blue.svg)

> ## [Head on over to the microsite](https://ChristopherDavenport.github.io/curly)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Head on over to the microsite](https://davenverse.github.io/curly4s)
```
